Cleanup and standardize DevTools release notes (#9325)
flutter/website: src/tools/devtools/release-notes/index.md

---
title: DevTools release notes
description: Learn about the latest changes in Dart and Flutter DevTools.
toc: false
---

> The following is an index of release notes for
> select DevTools releases.
> 
> {{site.alert.note}}
>   DevTools is bundled as part of the Dart and Flutter SDKs.
>   To determine which version of DevTools you are using,
>   run `dart devtools --version`.
> {{site.alert.end}}

Reviewer: **issue:** This reads awkwardly. Consider something that mirrors the [Golang release notes](https://go.dev/doc/devel/release).

```suggestion
This page summarizes the changes between official stable releases of the DevTools.
To view a complete list of changes, check out the
[DevTools git log](https://github.com/flutter/devtools/commits/master).

The Dart and Flutter SDKs include the DevTools.
To check your version of DevTools, run the following on your command line:

```terminal
dart devtools --version
```
```

* [2.8.0 release notes][]
* [2.7.0 release notes][]

> To view a complete list of changes, fixes, and enhancements to DevTools,
> check out the
> [DevTools git log](https://github.com/flutter/devtools/commits/master).

Reviewer: **issue:** Move this farther up with the other explanation.

```suggestion

```
